Advanced Reporting Base Currency Limitation (#292)
magento/merchdocs: src/reports/advanced-reporting.md

1. Wait overnight, or until after the time of your next scheduled update.

### Verify Single Base Currency

> Advanced Reporting can be used only with Magento installations that have used only a single [base currency]({% link stores/currency-configuration.md %}), and that have a history of orders processed with the same base currency. Advanced Reporting will not work if you change the base currency and as a result, have orders processed with different base currencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Advanced Reporting can be used only with Magento installations that have used only a single [base currency]({% link stores/currency-configuration.md %}) since install, resulting in all orders in the history using the same base currency. Advanced Reporting will not work if you have, at any time, changed your base currency and, as a result, have orders in your history that were processed with different base currencies.
```

Author: I changed it, but modified it slightly:
Advanced Reporting can be used only with Magento installations that have used only a single [base currency]({% link stores/currency-configuration.md %}) since the time of installation. The result is that in the history, all orders use the same base currency. Advanced Reporting will not work if you have, at any time, changed your base currency and have orders in your history that were processed with different base currencies.
